this video tutorial demonstrates how to
remotely connect to your net HD NVR on
your iPad with the lorex net HD Plus app
before we begin you must have already
completed the setup process for remote
viewing on your net HD and VR and should
have the env ours ddns address client
port number username and password on
hand note you must port forward all
ports on your router before you can
connect to your system using a mobile
device download the free Lorax net HD
Plus app from the App Store once
downloaded click the net HD app to open
this is the splash page to add your net
HD NVR to the app click the Settings
button now touch the plus button on the
top right and configure the following
for the alias type in whatever name you
want for your NVR for the IP address
enter the IP address port username and
password are already entered by default
so if there's a new port user name and
or password please enter them touch save
and then tap the live button on the top
left to go live tragar and net HD NVR
device into the screen for all your live
viewing double tap for a full screen to
take a screenshot top the camera button
this is the image quality button to set
your image quality choose the start to
add this camera as one of your favorites
touch the full screen button to go to
full screen mode touch it again to go
back into normal view I can drag another
camera into a four box view
to access playback touch the playback
button top from and use the sliders to
choose your day the time then you want
to back up click to for where you want
to end the backup
drag the NVR of the camera to the
display area to start playback and use
the on control screens camera for
snapshot I can pause and play disconnect
button full screen exit full screen and
I can also drag the timeline to where I
wanted to start play to access the
device list touch the configuration
button to delete a device from your
device list go to devices right to left
swipe click delete to modify it click
and edit when you selected favorites
while you play backing or live viewing
click favorites and see where your
favorite cameras are under local
configuration you can have your password
protection on create your password and
that's the net HD Plus app for your iPad